OK so we have a clean project.
So we need to have an index page which is going to be indexed on jazz.
And then two different sections a profile page and the Post's page.
So we're going to start building the template for this.
I've chosen to start from scratch so we can practice this a little bit.
So first we need to import re-act from re-act that it's the first always the first thing we need to
do.
It's going to be important.
And then just react.
And since we are going to use a class we're going to bring components.
OK.
We're going to bring the bring it from reactor so it's going to be from re-act the thing we need is
going to be the react.
DAUM this is going to be the main JSA inexactly.
So we're going to render everything through the re-act from Dom.
So I'm going to say important.
All right.
And then just react dumb.
So it's going to be from.
And then Bre-X Dom.
All right.
So we're going to use a class to use class and this one is the first one so it's going to be called
apt.
I'm going to do extents and we can extend component just just like before.
This is we need to render something so we can do the render.
And inside the render we can return just a simple Deppe it's going to say home something simple simple
water.
OK.
Now we need to use that react on the render method so we can render this app.
So we're going to call the re-act dumb dot and then just render this render takes two arguments pretty
much first is going to be the want and then it's going to be the where.
So what is going to be app.
And then just open close.
And the second argument is going to be the where if we go to the index then yes we need to select a
div that is going to be the main kind of the wrapper of the whole application.
And right here by default we have root.
So I'm going to go back to index just closes and it can say documents don't query selector inside here.
Just compute an ID of fruit just like before.
All right.
So if we redo the application we get help.
So this is working.
So inside the same project we can have two different groups.
The route of profiles and the route of posts.
So I'm going to go to a source and I have a component's folder right here.
So we need to add two different files.
One is going to be the first one is going to be posts and the other one is going to be profile.
So I'm going to say posts that jazz and then profile that jazz right and just like before I get to go
to posts and we pretty much repeat the same process.
Can I just close it and I'm going to bring re-act from react.
I got a copy from here just to have something simple.
It's going to be posts.
So we have a class that is going to be called posts and extents components
right inside.
We can have a render and render is going to return.
It's going to return a div that has posts just so we can make sure that we are on the correct webpage
or the correct view.
And of course we can X10 begin to export sorry export default.
And then just the name of the class which is posts.
All right.
I got a copy of this just to save a little bit of time and I'm going to go to profile.
It's pretty much the same thing.
The only thing that this class is going to be called profile and we export profiles right here.
And inside here I can say profile.
Right.
So everything is ready.
We have the two routes.
Now what we need to do is to bring something else to use re-act router.
So the thing is that to use re-act router since this is so lively we need to import it right here.
It's not inside.
It's not by default inside we act or component or react on we need to import it just like we are importing
react.
So I'm going to go right here and I'm going to say import and just going to make an empty collar basis.
And I'm going to say from and then react.
It's going to be Dasch router bash Dom.
That's the first thing.
OK.
Now inside here we're going to bring the first thing we're going to bring.
It's going to be browser and then router.
That's the first thing we are going we're going to break this a browser router is going to be the object
that is going to interact with history and knows what is happening with the L.
If I go back to the chart this is going to be the browser router.
OK.
So that's the first thing we need.
The first one on the list then we're going to use a different one.
It's going to be called route and it go do a coma and say route.
This route is going to be the one in charge of receiving the information that it's being sent by browser
a router and check which route matches that you are l and and it's going to instantly know which components
we should use.
And then it's going to go to react and pass that information.
So this route is going to be this this one right here on the list.
Let's go back.
Going to bring to home.
OK.
So that's fine.
So everything is pretty much done.
We're going to use the re-act router right here.
So we need to import all the paths all the components that they are going to be inside the routes they're
going to go right here just like for chrissake components components.
And of course I'm going to say import and then posts from an insider here.
Dot for Slash it's inside components for Slash posts and we repeat the same process with profile.
It's going to be import and then profile up profile from and then just sending components for Slash
and then profile.
OK.
So everything is ready so we can use the re-act router.
So let's go to the next section and set except the Riak react router up.